looking for gotta get my notebook
gotta change over interview let's see
that there we go that works
how are you uh i'm doing good
doing good i usually don't wake up this
early
but uh i am wide awake now
what what time is it where you are it
is 10 a.m here normally i wake up around
but uh yeah ah it's always there's
always like a good reason to wake up
early it's always nice to have a reason
to wake up
yeah well i thank you very much for you
know inconveniencing yourself for our
sake
hmm
i've been uh meaning to come on here for
a while uh i know
i i guess you've talked to every single
other offline tv member huh
i actually don't know if i have or
haven't
uh pokey lily scarra
michael and yvonne
so yeah they've all been on so i'm here
to
help you finish your infinity gauntlet
oh wow okay well i mean do you feel
pressured to come on because other
people from otp have come on
uh no no um i mean people have tried
pressuring me
to go on but i just say no
okay uh so the reason why i came on
uh well people have been asking um
for a while now because i talk about
like a lot of my
thought process and people are always
like oh you should go on drk
but the response i've always given them
is like
i don't feel like it's necessary
and um because it's
content i also had to reconcile like
the fact that it's content but it's also
meant to be like beneficial or like
eye-opening experience for people to
listen in um
so i think your wife reached out to me
saying hey you guys have free private
sessions
um because i think people from your side
like not your wife but like people on
your team have
sent me like 10 emails like i could show
you the
uh twitter dm's not sure if yourself
it's just like 10 requests for me to
come on the show oh wow which i've
ignored
uh but uh i vote
i'm just not big on replying but i think
your wife reached out saying hey
we have some free private sessions just
for your own benefit
um which is also what made me
agree to go on when the private session
was offered i'm like oh they're nice
enough to offer private session where
there's no content to be made so that's
pretty chill of them
so yeah i will go on the public session
one okay
interesting um that's how i got here
well i'm i'm sorry that you know i
didn't uh
on behalf of my team for which i take
responsibility if they were pestering
you i'm i'm really sorry about that
no no no not at all not at all um thanks
for the feedback because i'll you know
we'll circle back because we
we haven't really heard that from anyone
else we we try to actually be
quite respectful of people not wanting
to come on
um i also am
you know it's kind of interesting about
70 of
the people that i've worked with like i
do for free
historically um and
i i'm i'm wondering whether yeah i'm
kind of surprised to hear you
say all that stuff but i'm kind of you
know if if if i was which is news to me
um offering to meet with you privately
for free why
how would that motivate you to come on
publicly if you didn't want to earlier
like that's weird um
because
it's a nice thing to do to offer like
private therapy sessions uh
because there's no gain essentially to
be had right
at least not an immediate obvious gain
um so
and i felt like
you know your wife was offering me uh uh
a favor and she didn't have to so
i like that um when people are nice yeah
and i like being nice back
what should i call you because i know
you as disguised toast i mean i've been
watching
like i started watching your hearthstone
streams many many years ago
probably like back when like i i also
remember i was watching you for a while
because i think you made it a lot of
like meme friendly content
right and if i remember the origin of
your name it's it's what the guy
says when you coin out defies bandit on
turn one
yeah wow you're an oh gee i am an
og like back when chillwind yeti was
actually a solid card
you know and then and so watched prior
to
um i i still remember actually like one
of the most memorable things was when
someone leaked your face
and i really loved your response video
to that
yeah um that was uh wow that was a long
time ago
yeah man and and i i still remember if i
remember the sentiment correctly you
were like this is for fun it's not like
i'm actually trying to hide
and like people are sort of taking it
too far and like it's fine like i don't
mind showing my face but
you know the whole point was to like
entertain people and it was
yeah i mean yeah like it's it's cooler
to have like
a gimmick like especially when you're
starting out as a streamer
and like sorry now it's it's always
awkward when you become a
content creator on the internet because
my biggest fear
was just like my friends finding out and
making fun of me because it's it's kind
of it's kind of like uh like being an
internet stream is one of those
big dreams kids have nowadays you know
they used to want to be a singer or an
actor but now it's like oh
i want to be a video game streamer so
uh yeah can i just jump in what should i
call you today
um you can call me toast
okay most people call me toast like
jeremy's more
intimate but i don't know anyone
like in my like friend group who calls
me jeremy
do you want people to call you jeremy no
no no okay
a weird meal at this point just because
i'm just so used to hearing toast
yeah um and and so i want to just
also take a step back for a second uh
toast and just
sort of let's think this through so you
know if we
offered if you you know we tried to do
you
a kindness and in return
you want to do a kindness to us i can
totally respect it it's a hundred
percent how i operate in my personal
life
and i also want to be a little bit
careful because
um you don't have to do us a kindness i
know it's kind of weird because we're
already streaming at this point
right but i i i think that like you know
i i don't want you to feel
um i mean i i sort of am getting the
feeling
or i'm interpreting that you're feeling
kind of like
almost a sense of like repayment like
you're
you're you're doing you know you're like
paying a debt by coming on stream
um which i think is going to be
interesting because i'm like really
curious whether that's a pattern that
exists elsewhere in your life
um right and then uh
but but i also want to be clear that
like i'm actually okay i know it's gonna
be weird and i know it's gonna be
anticlimactic but like
the only way that i can do this because
you're right that it's weird because
it's like content and helping people
that's sort of like a conflict of
interest if you think about it right
like what am i really here for
and so the only way that i can resolve
that conflict of interest is i actually
am not here to help the internet i'm
here to help the person that i talk to
it's the only way that i can do this
because otherwise it gets too confusing
um and by having that
is my north star it actually makes all
the decision making easy
and i know it sounds kind of weird but
like what that also means is like
if you're here because you feel like you
have to be here because we tried to do
you a solid
we could just stop and i'm totally fine
with that
i'm serious i don't know just imagine
the stream ending
instantly five minutes in um
but toast let's really think about that
for a second okay
because like like i want you to think
about like what what lesson does that
teach people
who are watching
well i think the world is definitely
better off if every nice
act was reciprocated with a nice act of
its own
uh but without obligation to do so
i think there is an expectation but not
an obligation if that makes sense like
i you know do my friends a lot
solid and sometimes rarely i would ask
for one back
but when i do ask for one back it's not
an obligation right because i didn't i
wasn't nice to you with the expectation
that you're nice to me back but if i
lend you twenty dollars on tuesday and
next friday
i ask for ten dollars like hey can i get
a loan ten dollars and you
pay for something and you say no
i would never like demand hey that's not
fair
i gave you 20 bucks last week but more
like in the back of my head i'm gonna
mentally note you know i did a solid
but they weren't able to
like do one back and i think that's just
human nature right i think
absolutely the majority of people yeah
so i know it sounds kind of weird toast
but i think sometimes
feelings of obligation get people to
make sacrifices
and i know it's weird but sometimes
those sacrifices i don't think are
actually healthy
right so like like we actually had a one
of our coaches
brought up an interesting case so
there's a client who's in a relationship
and you know i'm gonna kind of anonymize
it but like
and they're they they're in a
relationship where
their partner sometimes has trouble
and they feel obligated to help their
partner
even at significant cost to themself
and it's actually like not a healthy
situation because their partner is not
actually like taking care of themselves
so they are forced to take care of their
partner out of obligation
and every time they make that sacrifice
it's like they're
holding their partner up well like
sacrificing their own life
and and so you know i think acting out
of obligation
like i think it's an honorable way to
live you seem like an honorable dude
um i read your tweet longer or your twit
and so i i think it's really cool to see
like how you have an internal compass
that drives you forward
um and uh
but you know i think it's important to
kind of like at least notice this
pattern
at this point i don't think you're going
to leave but
but i i think it would be interesting
right because maybe you would be
signaling to people that like hey like
just because you feel obligated to do
something if it's not something what
you don't want to do like you don't have
to do it yeah
uh definitely like um the whole reason
why
i am on here is because like i don't
feel obligated to but um
it's just nice i guess to be able to do
it
um like when people badger me for
something it makes me not want to do it
more
and people have been asking me to go on
i mean that's the whole reason why i
haven't
come on sooner is because i just didn't
feel like it uh
people ask i don't really feel obligated
but
okay it's like until i feel like hey you
know
there's a good reason to and i'm not
sure if there's a good reason to right
now but
i was about to ask what's the good
reason
uh i think i mean a week ago those whole
that whole um
online drama stuff going on and coming
back to california
but other than that i've always felt
my life was good enough
like and did not have a reason to come
on
but i always do like talking about
streamer meta like what's it like being
a streamer
the stuff we think about like the money
we make
a lot of like i like doing like an
inside look
at a streamer's mindset
and i think uh the healthy gamer show
you know does something a very similar
way it's like an
inside look at them you know the
mental health of streamers in general so
i don't know we can talk about anything
really i like talking about spicy stuff
like
drama stuff it's you you said you do
like or you don't like
i do like um which is sometimes hard
because you know
we never want to leak names or like
implicate people but i do like talking
about like
sensitive topic like money or like
as sure you may learn like racism sexism
like sometimes social issues but i
actually don't like talking about those
too much because i don't really have an
opinion
like gun laws and abortion sometimes
bring it up just to like
meme and make people uncomfortable but
um
the other topics is just more
interesting yeah so toast you've always
struck me as a thinker
you know like i know you meme and i know
you make
fun content and i know you're an
entertainer
but i do get the sense that like behind
that is like actually a lot of thought
and i think your you know your face
reveal conversation
was a good example of that i still
remember uh
watching a youtube video where you went
over like how much streamers make and
you kind of talked about sponsorships
and things like that
um and and so you know i i think if you
enjoy
talking about things that are a little
bit at the edge of what's polite
i think that that's actually like really
fantastic i think a lot of what you're
sharing is like per align with like my
personal goals and
goals as an organization because i think
a lot of times
we don't talk about the bad stuff
right we don't always we're not we don't
always acknowledge like
some of these issues and that that's
part of the reason that they continue to
go on because they're never brought to
light
so i'd love to hear you know whatever
juiciness you want to talk about
i mean if you have any ideas about where
we could get started
um and then there are
one or two other thoughts that i have
unless you have a direction you'd like
to go
uh let's circle back to the conversation
of like um
helping friends and expectation
obligations
yeah uh it's uh
i have a lot of expectation
from my friends and people my social
circle
what is that you have a lot of
expectation from
or towards from them like they expect a
lot from you
and then i so i
try to provide my friends with
a lot of content and like help their
career
and like just whatever support they need
um putting them in situations where
like the talent can grow
and
uh i have this
i think one of my worries is like it's
like um
raising baby birds in a nest
and once they're ready to leave the nest
and letting them go
and hoping that they come back one day
and like visit and not forget you or
another analogy well streaming is like
running a marathon
and i don't mind slowing down
to help my friends who are lagging
behind or like tripping
but it always worries me that
once they get up and running like they
just full sprinted down
that like not look back not try and slow
down for anyone
um not sure if
i'm making sense but uh can i can i
repeat back what i heard sure
so what i'm kind of hearing is that you
may slow down to help people
up but then you're worried whether it's
accurate or
not that they may leave you behind that
maybe one day you'll stumble
and they're not going to look back yeah
yeah i'd say so
however like they won't they won't even
like slow down for
their friends not necessarily me because
i'm generally okay
by myself um like my career has always
been
like at the forefront but like
like if they had friends like they won't
even slow down for them
so it's just that the scene is
constantly about
the chase right like the numbers the
getting ahead being top dog it's just
the grind non-stop so
whenever i do see like kindness like
it speaks a lot to me
you try hard to be a kind person
yeah yeah try my best
what do you give up by doing that
nothing
really like i feel like people are
always saying like they have sacrifices
to make but
uh i feel like i never gave anything up
because
their talent was already there like
and their humor so
like i also just gained benefit just by
being around them like being in the good
content
that's happening so i don't feel like i
ever
give anything up i feel like i'm more
just
unlocking their potential that they've
always had
so it's not like oh i could have had a
bigger stream or i could have had a
bigger
presence if i didn't help them it's
never like that i
always i only benefit from
people's success so
it's just that small worry that uh
people are always seeking that next
level like all right what's gonna get me
more pure who's
bigger than me that can collab with now
that i'm bigger
so let me see if i'm kind of getting you
so on the one hand
you know it's kind of interesting
because you're sort of saying that like
okay there's the scene right and the
scene is the grind and growing and like
always like okay
can i collab with toast oh wow like
toast is collabing with me
and then like part of the nature of the
beast is like they're gonna grow
and then like they're gonna collab with
someone else
right because at some point we're gonna
reach
toast we're gonna pass toast
and there's toast back there but like
let's keep going up
and and your experience is that you
don't it's not like you sacrifice a
whole lot in supporting people that
sounds like you genuinely really do
enjoy helping people reach their full
potential
um that you also notice that there is
kind of like a benefit right because if
you find someone who is talented and you
unlock their potential
like you guys can create content
together that content is ultimately like
improved the more people you know if you
get multiple people
involved you can make more than what you
could make on your own
so i'm not hearing you making any kind
of like noble sacrifice like oh my god
i helped you so much yeah and i gave you
my kidney
yeah like the reason why i don't feel
like too bad about it because at the end
of the day it's like
they are just talented by themselves
they're just not
in the right situation sure like
sure in the right game or have the right
collab
partners so sure you sound like you're
very good at
kind of um enabling people
yes yeah yeah i would say
that's like one of my best talents is
not it's just recognizing good content
because i feel like
i myself is i'm pretty limited by
like what is possible because at the end
of the day like
i am like sarcastic my i have a
sarcastic persona
um and
my games that i'm good at are very like
thinking logical
like nerdy games and i always felt like
i have like a ceiling that is more
obvious than um
other people might have so i like seeing
like
how far other people can go sure
so where do you think that fear comes
from the fear of sort of being left
behind
[Music]
oh that k i don't know if you know this
about me but
when i talk about feelings i start
tearing up
it's not because i don't know why it's
not it's never because i'm sad because
i'm just talking about stuff
um but when i talk about things that are
a little more emotional in nature
like my tear duct just start like you
know start trying to
i think it's because like i don't talk
about emotions much
so my brain is thinking oh if he's
talking about emotion he must be
sad and he wants to cry so let's make
him cry
it's funny because it's so stupid and
you get my point across but i can't
because when i tried
so people have disappointed me
since i came to california when you're a
solo streamer it's like i'm going to the
top [ __ ] all of you
kind of deal like i i had drama with
like
quite a few hearthstone streamers when i
was coming up
just like looking back is just stupid
but
it's like an ego [ __ ] talk battle of
who's the best streamer kind of deal
like
stuff like that um but when you have
friends and you collab with people
and it gets really complicated and
my policy is i generally will just
support someone
especially my friends do and like
host them and like appear on their
streams and just like
genuinely want them to do well and to be
able to make a living off it
a lot of situations
have turned out fine but there are quite
a few situations that
you know if you have followed otv's
history
um has gone really bad
and we don't really interact with those
people anymore
and it's like it's happened quite a few
times
and it's people like
i trusted so
yeah so
how you holding up man i'm good i'm good
i just
i i know like these things i can talk
about
and like they're normal to talk about i
just need practice talking about it
um but you know it happened a few times
actually so it wasn't even like a
one-off thing okay
and that is like smaller versions of
that that gets settled
internally too as well okay
um can i ask so when i when i asked you
a question you got emotional do you know
what emotion you were feeling
ah
not sadness i think uh
it's just oh this is like
sensitive stuff yeah um
yeah i i got that impression too that
there's some
what i what i saw in you is like
remembering a hurt
yeah i don't know i don't feel that hurt
by it
honestly i i don't know if that's where
the fear comes from it's just like
an easy example to point to
and say you know the
there are people that i did believe in
that end up
doing not so great things
so is that like feeling betrayed
disappointed uh
i think disappointed mostly because they
don't usually
end up hurting me or they just end up
doing some something stupid that hurt
other people
what happens is hurt you
oh that one is more just anger and like
vindictive i'm a very petty person
and i remember the wrongs that had done
to me
uh there's not a lot of them
but i am the type to you kind of hold on
to grudges
um but i usually react with
anger or revenge
uh if i'm personally like upseted by
someone's action
will you let me know if i get close to
making an enemy of you
of course uh usually it's like really
let me know yeah so let me know where
that line is okay
i i do not want to wind up across
the other side of that border i wouldn't
say this really
i don't have any enemies right now
at most i just have people i don't like
interact with
so when someone says to me that i'm a
vindictive person who has no enemies
there's a part of me that wonders yeah
you have no enemies left
because they're all six feet under at
this point
i i like i like um
beating people like when i was streaming
tft when it first came out like i made
it a point to
stream over the time slot
of my competition so i think the first
month i was doing 12 hour streams
and they were like time so that i start
right before the first like
big tft streamer gets on and i end
right after the last big tft streamer
finishes for the day um
so like i really and my attitude that
time was just like i'm gonna
i'm gonna bury this guy and i don't
i don't really like have a problem with
them it's just the competition of being
a streamer
but like when i had to do back then was
like like you gotta stay in second place
and i'm gonna be first place and had the
viewers
um but now that you know i'm on facebook
and
i'm in my killing years
um it's a lot less antagonistic and more
just
hey you know you you your friends you
guys want to play some games let's you
know
you want yeah i can pop by your stream
and i think that's
one nice thing about being on facebook
is uh
i can just provide content to my friends
without thinking
oh you know well what about my stream
you know why are we having this stream
on my stream
so um yeah i'm
i'm at a pretty nice place right now in
terms of
providing content but that's kind of
what my attitude used to be
when it comes to like competition
so toast i'm gonna
can i just think for a second yeah
so there are a lot of different things
that are kind of popping in my mind i'm
not quite sure what has
significance so one is um
you know you mentioned that things were
a little bit uh
you know
unharmonious or not harmonious during
the early stages of hearthstone or maybe
when you were a hearthstone streamer
there was some kind of
conflict i think we talked a lot about
sort of this um
you know you describe it as a small fear
because you strike me as a pretty
resilient guy where like if you do have
issues or call them whatever you want to
you seem to be like pretty good at like
setting those aside kind of being able
to do your work
finding compassion sort of like not
feeling super burnt out
you seem to really be about you know
supporting other people
and that feels very genuine to me like i
don't think you're
you know trying to grow someone just so
you can farm people to collaborate with
it's sort of like you
recognize that this person is talented
and you recognize that by making content
with them
it sort of helps you grow helps them
grow all seems super genuine to me
um and there are a couple of things that
i'm not quite sure how to connect
um but one is sort of this idea that
like it's almost like
you know i'm gonna toss out a strong
word here which is like abandonment
but when i kind of think about the birds
in the nest it's like they're gonna
leave and they're never gonna come back
and that sounds a touch like like one
word
you know if we want to use a big word
like
maybe a little bit hyperbole maybe a
little bit extreme is like abandonment
um it sounds like sometimes people have
sort of like wronged you in the past and
and then there this is where i get kind
of confused about whether this is
related or not
um is there is this kind of idea of like
you kind of mentioned that you have a a
ceiling right
in the games that you play and that
you're kind of aware
of what your ceiling is and that's why
you gravitate towards games like
hearthstone or tft because you're never
going to have the reflexes of the
fortnite pros or this or that right like
you can
and even if we think about you know your
your hearthstone content like
um hopefully this doesn't let me know if
this evokes any kind of hurt but like
you're not known for being the best at
hearthstone like the reason that your
content was
great was because it was very
entertaining
and so i'm wondering whether there's a
correlation between sort of this idea
that i have a ceiling
the fact that other people will sort of
like leave you behind at some point
because there's only so fast that you
can run
um because if you kind of and then also
like on the flip side whether that like
kind of manifests is like
i'm abu number one [ __ ]
you know like striving to be number one
and i don't know if any of those things
are actually related i mean they can all
be independent
it's just those are the three things
that i'm kind of feeling are like
floating to the surface
[Music]
and and when it comes to being
vindictive being hurt
um you know there's a part of me that
almost wants to ask the question like
and i think the answer oddly enough is
yes but for a little while i thought it
was no like would you know what feeling
hurt felt like
i yeah yeah i think so
i think um i
don't like it when people violate
my trust like i tell you hey
x secret and i say don't tell anyone
and they end up telling someone like i
think that's the
biggest way to like
get on my bad side because
yeah so i think like i feel like there
are stronger words popping up here
because that sounds like betrayal to me
yeah and i'm very harsh with my friends
when they
do that yeah so so when it comes to and
then now we circle back to like
expectations
so i'm kind of thinking about okay toast
i know you're here i know
everyone including us wanted you here
and so like i know that everyone's being
satisfied but like my question is still
like how can we help you as a person
you know like is there something that
not that you need help because this also
like you kind of said earlier that life
is good enough
whereas like i don't think you the
people in fact i think we've created
this bias where like people come on here
because they've got some problem or some
issue or some difficulty
whereas like it's really my belief that
like you know you can always climb like
it doesn't you don't and everyone should
be trying to climb right like you can
always grow as a person
um what i'm kind of curious about is
whether
and i think if you want to if you feel
like any of this is
relevant or important to you um
i can lay out an argument of why i think
it may be worth exploring
but i'm just curious like what resonates
with you
nothing really pops
out like like i don't think i have any
problems
like emotionally i don't think so
so yeah
can i go ahead yup can i ask you um
how how are your romantic relationships
uh romantic relationships
i
i don't know um you're allowed to not
answer by the way if it's not something
you want to talk about
i've it's uh
and if you want me to explain why i'm
asking i'm happy to
uh i won't go into too much detail
that's one of the problems with being
like a public figure
talking about because i've had a public
relationship
and that one the amount of
backseaters and people commentating
on it is just really annoying
so since then i've
kept my romantic life relatively
private like i talked about bits here
and there
uh i kind of like not like
being in a committed relationship right
now because i think it's a lot of work
and can i toss something out
toast why ask so here's sometimes when i
work with people like you and i'm making
a lot of assumptions so i think like
maybe
what we need to do is just you know i'll
ask you some basic questions like about
your life and stuff but
here's here's i'm gonna i'm gonna take a
shot in the dark okay
it's gonna be like one of these like um
high risk high reward i'm making some
hearthstone deck where i have no cards
between that are one to five
mana they're all like they're all
legendaries that start at six
okay uh so so
the one in a hundred games where this
works out and i survived it turned sex
six it's it's gg wow freudian
um but so here's here's what i'm
concerned about is that i think you have
like i don't know how to put this but
you have a meta in your mind
you have like a set of rules right like
you operate you have a strong internal
code
you have there's like a whole system
that isn't really in the game
it's like like it's in your mind like
you have a strong set of internal rules
through which you operate by
and that like like other people may not
understand those rules right
it dictates how you stream it dictates
how you relate to other people it
dictates like it's kind of like this
honor system that you've got going on in
here
that sometimes it's kind of
disappointing because people outside of
you don't adhere to that honor system
the reason i ask about romantic
relationships is sometimes when you have
honorable vindictive people okay and
that
sorry if that's you know a bad way of
putting it
um but like you describe yourself as
penny and vindictive
but you're clearly like a good dude
right like
and and so like when you have that kind
of pattern
in your mind sometimes it creates a lot
of confusion
and trouble especially in romantic
relationships
because the person on the other side of
the table
you're like playing with this meta that
isn't apparent
on the game board because the meta is
not like you know
the game board is the game board but
it's like it's weird like i
like and you're coining out defias
bandits and it's like i thought we were
doing
no rush 20. you know like and and so
sometimes it can be confusing for other
people so i was just kind of wondering
you know that's why i ask about romantic
relationships because i wonder if
um you know to put it really like
specifically shot in the dark because we
haven't
asked you anything about them but you
know whether people
whether you feel like really let down by
expect
by someone not living up to expectations
and specifically whether that person
didn't realize at all that that
expectation was being placed upon them
[Music]
does that make sense
yeah that makes a lot of sense i think
it's just from my point of view these
expectations are
very obvious like very human
courtesy expectations
but i can also see like it doesn't apply
to everyone
it's just you know because i do have
like
a strong sense of like what's right and
what's wrong
that to me it seems very straightforward
very clear-cut yeah you're supposed to
behave like this you're supposed to act
like that
um one thing i've learned from uh
talking to
the ladies is that they're
i tend to be on a very logical
scale and they are
generally more emotional than i am um
because being right used to be like the
most important
thing for me uh not like that i had to
be right but like in an argument
if you're in an argument with someone
one of you should be right
you know there are some stuff like oh
should abortions be legal
like that's an argument where it's just
two guys arguing
like there's no a defined correct answer
but a lot of arguments like someone
being rude
i feel like there's a clear-cut right
person wrong person
and uh i had that attitude when it came
to relationship
it's like hey you know we were trying to
solve a problem and you snapped at me
and
now we're fighting so you kind of
like broke a rule right
um so i feel
more justified and entrenched
because you violated
you know what could have been a proper
way to communicate
now it's like name calling or like
being petty um
yeah so i'm i'm hearing a lot of what i
was
thinking may be going on which is that
but because i i think you say like you
know because in your mind they violated
a rule
but i know i'm sure that you know you're
logical and ha
in in here but the point is i think like
i know it's kind of bizarre but like
sometimes like you've got a meta up here
though
about how the game should be played
and and sometimes i see conflict because
the metas in the minds of the people
that you relate to
may not be the same as your meta does
that make sense
yeah yeah um makes sense people have
told me that
my way of thinking is not always correct
and that i should
be nicer or like be more accepting of
people's flaws but i think that's a big
i think we have enough of that in our
friend group
where we just accept people's
shortcomings and their flaws and they're
just like yeah well that's just who they
are
um so i tend to be more strict
on stuff like that where
you know if someone does something bad i
want to have a sit down with them like
i want to sit them down like in my room
and
explain to them like why what they did
wasn't okay
a little confrontational and
i like a tiny
like i like having friends and being
close to people
and like having people to rely on
but i'm also afraid that um
people get too familiar with you like
like people always say your best friends
are the one that gives you a lot of [ __ ]
kind of deal um
like respect is really important to me
and
i would love for my friends to like
like me and love me but it doesn't hurt
sometimes when there's a little bit of
fear as well
which now that i've said it out a lot of
people are going to be like
more aware of it but um can you help us
understand that
ah i i don't quite understand i i lost
you there
uh
have you have you have you seen game of
thrones
yeah yeah
you know people love daenerys targaryen
but some people are also afraid of her
but in both cases it makes them treat
that person with respect
yeah it makes a lot of sense so have you
been
i feel like a story would you know tell
a thousand words here but like
i'll just kind of ask have you been like
taken advantage of because of your
kindness
mmm no
no no no no i don't
think people
like i don't think i think i'm smart
enough
to know when someone's trying to take
advantage of me
um
yeah i don't think i've been taken
advantage of i think it's more just like
hey you know you seem cool you know i'll
work i'll play with you i'll you know
talk
about you you know on stream and like
try and boost your numbers just you know
be the best person you can and then they
go and do
some shady [ __ ] and
it really sucks when that happens what
sucks
it's like cause i don't know it just
looks
when people you believe and disappoint
you you know
not it's they never do anything to me
they just
do something objectively
shitty and um
or they just like
leave the nest and don't interact with
like
the people they used to interact with
anymore
how does that feel when they do that
it's like up just another one for the
history books
like it happens so often in my mind
that when it doesn't happen like it's
really surprising to me
like i have the expectations like
you're just gonna one day not
like gonna be around anymore
but maybe you'll surprise me how long
ago did you learn that lesson
that people just don't stick around
[Music]
i guess a year ago
when i was uh in elementary school i
remember
sharing a popcorn chicken with
this kid in class and
uh he just kind of like
acted as if ha i just got a free popcorn
chicken
off you when i want to share it with him
and when he had gum later
like and i had hey can i have a piece of
gum he's like huh no
kind of deal and now that
memory sticks out as like an example of
like when you help people
the expectation is like don't expect
them to like
return to favor like i'm surprised when
people
reciprocate kindness these days
i feel like that should be the norm like
should we help someone
but like these days when someone does
like show appreciation for me
it catches me off guard
yeah i think especially in the world
that you live in there's sort of
friendship
and then some of y'all are in the
business of friendship
you know where being friends is actually
not
it's like a business decision
and and i imagine that makes things
quite tough
but can i ask you can i ask you a little
bit more about like when you were
younger like prior to
because i it was kind of confusing
because you said i was like when did you
learn that lesson and you were like
about a year ago
and then you told me a story from
kindergarten with popcorn chicken
gum so you know i'm i'm kind of noticing
that
maybe you've been on the maybe you've
been burned i mean it sounds like you
got burned by it pretty early
sort of like doing good unto others and
others taking advantage of you
and not doing what was right justin
uh small i think i i just
place a lot of emphasis off being
considerate
sure um can you tell me a little bit
about where you grew up
uh okay i grew up uh
in malaysia so i was born in taiwan but
like when i was
less than one years old uh my family
moved to malaysia
and i grew up there for about 10 years
and i kept switching between an english
and a chinese school
so my chinese wasn't great and my
english wasn't
amazing and when i moved to canada
i had like the malaysian version of
english
which is you know heavily accented
and like uh the word three like i had
such a huge problem pronouncing it three
because i i would say tree
and it took like a long time
uh i had an immense fear of public
speaking like the worst ever
like i would just go up and just read
from a piece of paper and i know you're
not supposed to do that
because you're supposed to make eye
contact but i remember one presentation
i'm like [ __ ] i am not taking my eye
off
the piece of paper and looking at
people's reaction to my presentation
um
you know at that whole like asian
identity growing up
thing of like bringing
home-cooked meals but people the kids at
school having like a negative reaction
to the home-cooked meal
and my mom end up making like but lonely
ketchup sandwiches instead
because you know she doesn't want me to
feel like i'm standing out
uh i learned how to do oh
for the first year of high school grade
nine i didn't speak to anyone
like i went the entire year
without uh talking to anyone besides the
yes and no
that my teachers would ask me uh
i think in grade 11 i made an effort to
be social so i learned how to do magic
tricks
so that i could interact with people
and like entertain people because i like
being an entertainer
um i was gonna be a game designer
initially
because for me that's how i could become
an entertainer like
i couldn't be like a streamer or because
it wasn't really a thing back then or an
actor or singer
but i could design games that people
would enjoy since i played a lot of
games
but i picked up like magic tricks as a
way to
entertain people and
that slowly improved my ability to
perform in a public setting
um so yeah that kind of
set me down on the path of being a
entertainer
fascinating man i'm so happy you shared
that
i i don't know why but i i really just
really enjoyed hearing about your what
growing up was like for you even though
it sounds
pretty rough bro
no no i didn't feel rough i feel
i felt like like looking back it
might seem a little sad but when it was
in the moment it didn't
feel like it was that hard
i just it just felt like that this is
what life is you know
yeah um yeah
and you mentioned your you know your mom
was quite thoughtful about you know
feeding you trash to help you fit in
you know setting aside some of her own
values
um uh yeah she was just worried that the
kids would make comments
yeah and and how did she how did she get
worried about that was that because of
something you said do you remember
i thought maybe my sister said something
but um sisters older or younger
uh old i have an older sister and an
older brother
how much older uh my brother's seven
years
older and my sister is two years older
yeah their sister's getting married
and uh my brother just had a child so
they're growing up and i'm still
playing video games on the internet
i would assume that that was a joke
huh that you actually have no problem
playing games on the internet
oh yeah yeah yeah but it's crazy how
like
oh they're getting like how
how like we people from my high school
are
literally married and have children by
now but
like this industry we're in it's like
people are just
playing games playing games playing
games
i think it's cool uh i think i'm not
ready to vote just
yet and uh
it's just crazy that some people are the
same age but
so many different phases of their lives
like
like their kids are some kids are like
five years old by now
yeah yeah do the people and
do you stay in touch with anyone in high
school from high school
oh i stay in touch with nobody
not a single person um i do have two
friends that i should stay in touch with
because they were my best friends in
high school
but it's just been so long
i feel awkward uh
re-engaging so i'm just essentially
waiting
until i get married and one of them get
married to reach out again
it's like hey wanna come to my wedding
it sounds like you need an excuse to
re-engage with them
yeah yeah and can you tell me a little
bit about
uh your dad oh
my dad he worked most of his life um
in another country so doesn't
really grow up with one uh he works
really hard he's more of a traditional
kind of guy you know older
like more family values we must always
be together for chinese new year's
not that strict in terms of uh you know
just do what you want to do
but he nags a lot and complains a lot
which is always hard
but you know
not too much problems there
i i find myself wanting to ask um
what he nags about or what he complains
about but i'm also
wondering whether in the meta of your
mind it's not acceptable to talk about
things like
people in your family and negative
aspects of them on the internet
um
i don't mind talking about it a little
bit like i think everyone has like
family issue in it sure everyone like
just typical chinese dad stuff
um can you please tell us about
typical chinese dads uh
this is a good example
oh like uh when we were fishing
you would keep complaining how i didn't
have the right lure because i'm not
catching any fish
and like when other people on the pure
catching fish is like look at them they
have the right lure
this one's not the right one you got the
wrong one and then i started catching
fishes like 30 minutes later
and like the whole time i was thinking
like no i know what lyra they're using
i got the exact same one this is the
right one
but it's like
he just assumes like at least for my
point
he just assumes something was wrong so
like i did something wrong
and he's gonna complain about it but
yeah um it was just like
it's just the nature of fishing you know
i wasn't gonna catch one right away
but like stuff like that
where it's just like bro i just i'm here
to spend time with you to catch fish
with you and i have to keep listening
to how i got the wrong lure even though
i know it's the right one
yeah so it's a lot of stuff like that
it's it's got to be rough to i mean i i
know you're used to it and i know it's
typical
you know i i i'm indian so i i think
that there's
a lot of commonality between typical
like chinese dads and typical indian
dads
um at the same time i i've got to
imagine it's like frustrating to
be blamed for lack of skill when
it's rng yeah
yeah like i feel like i can't
be allowed to make mistakes because like
because like when you learn to do
something you're going to make a lot of
mistakes like
first time you learn to knit like or
ride a bike you're going to make a lot
of mistakes
but it's just a pain in the ass when
like your dad is
next to you like paying so much
attention so the second
you make a mistake he just says well
that's wrong
and you're thinking well obviously i
know what's wrong
but how am i gonna know what works and
what doesn't unless i'm actually
trying to learn um but i didn't
tell him any of that because i didn't
want to snap at him
and like he's at a pretty old age and
i'm at an age where i should be
accepting and understanding
and just saying oh that's just that
being dead but
it does make it difficult to spend time
with him sometimes
hmm i'm just thinking about whether
yeah thanks for sharing that i was just
trying to think about whether it's worth
talking about further or not
oh probably not
um that's family lifestyle it's just
like
it is what it is so it sounds like
you've learned a lot from your dad's
mistakes
um at the same time i'm wondering
whether
you've internalized any of that approach
in the way that you interact with other
people
uh someone brought it up to me and say
when i was complaining about my dad
they're like tell us that kind of sounds
like you
because you complain a lot about people
as well and
when they said i'm like yeah you're kind
of right
i do like because from my point of view
i it
would be similar to my dad where you
just want people
like do better like let's say they're
doing a golf swing and i'm
in the back saying oh you should adjust
five degrees here
but i just do it for everything like
when people are streaming
or like when they're playing valorant
and i was vaccinating them like
yeah you should take look to your left
here and like you know you should
go do this go to do that and
i can't see how i am
similar in that sense so since then i've
been a little more aware
at giving feedback because i know
some of my friends are more receptive to
it and some of
my friends are more like bro why can't
you just
just be happy for me man or like
if i if they get eighty percent on a
test and you're not focused on
well this is how you should have gotten
a ninety percent a hundred percent so
uh i think it did subconsciously
rub off of me on me and um
yeah like uh the whole thing about like
having respect i think as a result of
that
what do you mean becoming like my dad
when we eat dinner or lunch like the
rule is
nobody touches the food until
he does like a lot of asian
superstition kind of deal like tradition
like we always have to be there for
chinese new year
um i think played a role
and like how much respect you should
show
to your peers to the elders
very asian chinese stuff i guess
yeah so i i can definitely see the
cultural component so i'm gonna circle
back to romantic relationships for a
second
do you see this behavior as sort of
influencing your romantic relationships
well i don't think so
i mean i've only been in one real
relationship so
i am not an expert on it
um yeah
um
toast i'm not quite sure where to go so
so here's here's where you have any idea
what we should talk about today
uh
any good drama lately oh
well there was that whole drama i was
involved in last week but honestly
that's kind of over with
um
why are you interested why are you
looking for drama to talk about
i don't know it's more interesting
i guess uh i like talking about things
that people find interesting
yeah that's my concern
right so like like do you want to talk
are we here for people are we here for
you
uh
well i've said this before um a while
ago
is that my biggest worry with coming on
the show
is that like i'm really
smart when it comes to like pr
and marketing and i worry
that the things i say on the show is
designed to evoke some kind of
positive feelings towards me it's like
oh toast is so
genuine or toast is so vulnerable toast
is so
like whatever now that we had the
inside look into how his mind works we
see what a wonderful person he is
and um because i am
very capable of doing that
like when i got signed to facebook and i
donated like
the 20 000 budget to children
a children's hospital right
like did i do that because
i'm a benevolent person no i did it
because
i knew signing with facebook was going
to be unpopular
and this was a great opportunity to do
something nice
for sick children and also to get some
good pr
so toast here's what i'm feeling from
you
you're saying just enough
and and so i i don't know exactly like i
can imagine that there's some
there are a bunch of different
calculations or variables in your mind
right now to where like
i'm detecting some amount and i i don't
know i don't want to like
expose that or bully you because like i
want to respect
your emotional boundaries and your
privacy
but i also get the sense that it's like
just enough and i think like we're not
really talking about anything
or like we're talking about stuff but
we're not saying anything
and does that make sense
um kinda like i feel like
we would never talk about
anything that i didn't really want to
talk about maybe i should talk about but
yeah so i think that's what's going like
so i i think that like i i need to
understand from you
you know whether because because i try
to talk to people like what i want to
talk i want to talk to jeremy i don't
want to talk toast you know and and i
think what we're here is
is to do is to try like at least what
i'm here to do is to try to help you but
i think we can talk about like
if you feel more comfortable doing
societal commentary
if you feel more comfortable you know
having everyone get
emotionally engaged with drama
so that we don't have to like talk about
you like that's fine
like you're allowed to say i don't want
to talk about this but what i'm kind of
what i'm feeling from you is that you
know you're like sharing some stuff
about your family but like at the end of
the day like there are a thousand
questions here that i feel
unsafe asking because
i i think that you and i are like doing
a little bit of tango where we're like
skirting around a lot of stuff
and and so i think what we've got to do
is kind of take a step back how do you
feel right now if i say something like
that like
do you feel pinned down or attacked in
some way
uh i think it's pretty
accurate i just don't know like
at least consciously i don't know where
that wall is
like i think it'd be easier for you
to like press on something
and like if i try to like deflect or
like
minimize it or only give you a crumb
here we go
why is there a wall in the first place
uh because
we are in a public setting and there are
viewers
and not just viewers live here but like
people who can watch the vods and put it
up on youtube
that's a really good answer but i don't
think that you have a wall
just when you're streaming on the
internet
um
that's an answer that i can never argue
against because you're right
and i think you're hiding behind it
what walls do you have when no one is on
camera
when no one is on camera
uh i don't really talk much when
there's no camera on like i'm a
introvert
so i'm normally really quiet around my
friends
yeah good so that's a wall it's not just
because you're an introvert
right so like now we get to the crux of
the problem it's like
you can be toast but like i think the
problem here is that i'm not interested
in talking to toast i'm interested in
talking to jeremy
this is a conversation between two human
beings like at least for me
like that's the only way i can do this
like personally like i can't
you know like don't give us a show toast
i i mean
go ahead uh i feel like my
entire like life is just
being
and entertainer being like being on on
display like when i play even when i
play games with friends like
i would want someone to be streaming
it's like
uh it's really weird for me to play
games
and no one is streaming it it's really
weird for me
to do like anything without
it being content because my mind is just
constantly thinking
like um how do we turn this into like
entertainment for the masses
right why does your mind do that
uh i think people i
i like making people laugh
and i like entertaining people and why
do you like
i think it's because i didn't have
friends in high school
until i became like a magician and i
entertain people so i cannot associate
being entertaining
to a lot of my self-worth so
if you don't entertain us today what are
we gonna see
ah see that question seems so
strange to me like i have to entertain
people like this conversation
that's entertaining to people right like
that's why people are watching right now
it's because it's not entertaining in
this traditional sense of like
a blockbuster film but like it's
interesting
to observe right
yeah so sorry i was gonna toss out a
joke well
it is we are talking with this guy's
toast so if there's blockbuster level
entertainment
this is where you find it
so what what would we see if we if you
don't entertain us
more let's see if there's no camera
and we're talking one-on-one
and it's like a real therapy session
like completely private
how would i behave um
probably talk about my more selfish
tendencies
like i feel like i put enough bad stuff
out there so that
people realize that streamers
are human beings and have flaws and
selfish thoughts
like i feel like i put just enough out
there
that people go ah see ptosis
like you know he's got good stuff and
he's got bad stuff
but why is it important for other people
to not view you all is good
uh i think it makes me more
human and relatable and i i
i in hearthstone there are streamers who
brand themselves as super positive
but i hate them because so toast
they're really bad yep i'm gonna just
keep interrupting you okay
sorry about that okay tell me if i'm
coming up on the line of being your
enemy okay
why do you so you say it makes me dot
dot dot
i'm with you there but why do you have
to be made
into something
in the first place
right it's all a mask bro like even the
bad stuff
is like it's kind of like here i have a
a glass of
clear water let me put a drop of black
ink into it
because this looks too pure and like
what i'm getting from you is that like
like you see you kind of told us like
you're always an entertainer you don't
know how to not be an
entertainer but an entertainer is not
who you are it's how you've come to
relate to people
and what i'm curious about is like
what's going on with jeremy who's behind
the mask of toast
um
i know i haven't uh really thought
about myself
like as a person
[Music]
like all i care about is
making content really and just trying to
be a good friend
to people uh because
i don't think it's a bad thing to
base your happiness on
how much you help other people like your
friends
like like i get a lot of joy when i see
my friends succeed and like i see them
happy
uh that i don't really
like if you ask me what makes me happy
like besides
oh getting more viewers or getting more
money
um who tries to make you happy
a few of my friends
my close friends uh
here in california where they you know
try to like they always tell me i should
do things that make me happy and not
care too much about like helping my
friends
but whenever they make those suggestions
i like
i can't even think of something that i
would do for myself that would make me
happy
but i can think of like 100 things i can
do
for my friends to make them happy which
i feel like wouldn't here make me happy
i think there's a lot of value to
altruism but what would you say if if a
friend of
a friend came to you and said i don't
know how to make myself happy but i know
how to make everyone around me happy
i only think it's a problem when that
person was helping others
sacrifice their own happiness and their
own mental health to do so
um because there there is someone like
that in a friend
group and she is like constantly taking
on the problems of everyone like
if someone one of her girlfriends is
feeling sad
or like someone's going through drama
like she will
be the person to like listen to all of
that and i see the mental toll
it takes on them like
because it's so much sad and negative
energy
that they're taking in on behalf of
other people like
they they revolve their identity
around being like that supportive friend
and uh and what's your identity
i mean i i have a
a very distinct identity i feel like
of just you know
being reliable but also being having a
giant ego
do you have a giant ego
that's my persona i started
leaning into it when back when tyler1
and dr disrespect was being popular
because i would look at them and see
like how
much fans they would have and like
people you have a big ego
i do really
i think so i think my
ego matches like my success
um so i think your first answer i i put
more
seems right to me you have the persona
of having a big ego i think what i'm
hearing from you is like
i don't know it seems to me like toast
has dominated to jeremy like completely
like i think that you're a good dude i
think you're resilient i think you care
about your friends um i also hear that
what you figured out
is a formula that like oh if i make my
friends happy that in turn makes me feel
good about myself
but there's something weird going on
here man like there's something about
like you being an entertainer like all
the time and that's why i sort of ask
about like your romantic relationships
because like i think that
oftentimes because there's there's like
a certain degree of reciprocity
in romantic relationships there's a
certain degree of like authenticity
where i think like what i'm almost
hearing from you is like you're
signaling to like
it's so weird it's nuanced i don't even
know if i'm right here but like
something about you know showing a
little peop
like a little bit of the bad stuff makes
you come across as like a little bit
more authentic
but there there's this part there's this
part here where like i think
that you know if i had to just really
make a blind judgment here
and i think this is probably where i'm
going to be wrong because i think you're
pretty well constituted for lack of a
better term
i'd say like i'm worried that you're
afraid of what would happen
if you stop being an entertainer and i
think that the reason that you show
people bad stuff
is because you're testing the waters
you're seeing
daddy just crying okay can
can you please
yeah hold on one second now take as long
as you need
what happened hello chad
left alone in a room with this guy's
toast huh
no doctor to help you
oh crap he's coming back
man just when i was going for the throat
it's going for the otk um
but like the concern that i have toast
is that like
you know so it's interesting because you
you come across like so like
i'm i'm just gonna start from the top
okay and and like i may be completely
out of line here so just tell me to go
[ __ ] myself at any point
so you know like
you grew up in a world where you were
used to being a no one
where like you tried to be nice to other
people and they took advantage of your
kindness
you like grew up and like you moved to
canada where like you
even in malaysia like you never spoke
competently
you know it's either like you're not
good enough at chinese or not good
enough
at english and then you move to canada
and it like that must have been kind of
shocking and different
you know you started eating this these
bologna and ketchup sandwiches
and then you know one would think that
you were super sad
because you didn't talk to anyone for a
year
you had no friends and maybe even two
and then you started to learn magic when
you were in the 11th grade
and then you began to see that oh like
if i entertain people like
they'll like me right like the way to
make friends
is to like make other people happy
and so then like you know it's
interesting because
when you say oh like i really wasn't sad
i believe you i think that that was just
your experience it's sort of like
you know if i was born in the year 200
i'm never going to miss the internet
because i just didn't
realize it's a thing like i remember i i
went to
you know i used to go to india a lot and
visit like my ancestral village
and and there was a kid there that was
my age that was like
you know when you come here do you take
an airplane and i was like yes i take an
airplane
and then he was like why don't you how
do you not fall out of the airplane
and i just laughed right because here
this guy's never like he's like even a
car
is like a big deal like most of the time
it's carts that are being pulled by
bulls
and or buffalo and so like you know when
you're going pretty fast it's easy to
fall out of the cart and he's like if
you're going really fast like can't you
it's just
it was your experience and now what i'm
hearing is that you've you've become an
amazing person like you're clearly like
you're a good dude
you help people you get enjoyment out of
it i don't think you're a sociopath or
anything like that
but then i think that there's this weird
dilemma that you don't even know
exactly how to recognize and like
sometimes when you talk about emotions
it's like it gets pretty confusing
pretty quickly
because i think sometime some somewhere
along the way you learned how to turn
down the volume on your emotions and
like put on a show
you become toast and like when i asked
you at the beginning what do you want to
want me to call you you're like yeah i
feel
uncomfortable if people call me jeremy i
thought you said something like that
and it's like okay like that's fine
right but
so you've become toast and even then
when you think about like there are
people that you care about from high
school and you're
you need an excuse to reach out to them
and it's like why is that and
it's kind of weird like i understand it
i understand it 100
and i think it's it's because like
you're toast to the internet
toast is a cool guy toast is someone
that
everyone wants to be friends with toast
is legit
but with your friends you're jeremy
like jeremy is like a different kind of
guy
and so then we get into some of this
weird stuff like
when you're you know even
as you come on here like there are a lot
of like calculations going in your mind
like okay am i making content like what
are people expecting
how do i give people what they want
because that's just it's become
i was about to say second nature to you
but actually it's become first nature to
you
you're always thinking about content and
and stuff like that
and i have no intention to you know ask
you a thousand questions so that you
start crying on stream and [ __ ] like
we're not gonna do that
because i think you'll play that role
far too well
but i think that somewhere along the way
there's a part of you that's like
struggling a little bit to like
know whether is this person
gonna like toast or is this person just
here for toast
are they willing to accept like what's
underneath so i think you test people
i think the reason you're mean with
people is because you test them
and and you kind of like see how they'll
react
and oddly enough it's it's kind of like
the people i think that you'll feel
it this could get into weird patterns
where sometimes when you test people
it's actually like reassuring to you in
some way depending on how they respond
because it means they're willing to
accept the person who isn't doing magic
tricks
and then like the closer you get to them
the more of the authenticity you show
and it's interesting right because
you're a little bit risque i think
that's become a part of your persona
but i think it's a part of you too
because i don't know if you know what
you can
like what people can handle like how
much here's the question
how much of jeremy or toast can people
handle
because i guess in your mind you don't
think it's very much
i don't like getting too close to people
i respect not that
anyone close to means i don't respect
them but more just
i don't know that familiarity when you
become like
when someone's cool but you get to know
them really well
certainly they're not as cool
because you know them you know
like uh you know let's say you meet brad
pitt
and after you friends with him for like
three years
he's not brad pitt anymore he's just
your buddy brad
kind of deal um
getting i feel like the more people know
me
the less they
i'm afraid they'll find out something
that makes them respect me less or
something
um i'm not as impressive
so maybe it's better not to become too
close with
people what's wrong with you
not being impressive why do you need to
be impressive
i don't know everyone wants other people
to think well of them right
sure of course they do yeah
so but i i think you're kind of stuck
here toast
because who do they think well of
when you get respect from someone else
who are they respecting
toast or jeremy
i feel like i feel like they're the same
person at this point
okay right but then does toast let
people know who he is
[Music]
yeah yeah i don't know
like when you talk about jeremy and you
talk about tales
like in my mind they're the same person
okay at this point i don't know if
there's any separation
what why do you need an excuse to reach
out to your friends from high school
uh it's just like an email you received
like a month ago that you meant to reply
to but you didn't and now it's been
two years and you're looking at that
email you're like
god i really should reply huh but now
it's awkward since it's been so long i
don't want to reply out of nowhere so
i'm just gonna wait until i have a
reason to do so
because i feel like i should have
responded and the fact that didn't
makes me a bad friend and it's kind of
like i'm a little embarrassed
to go back and reply to that
email from two months ago out of nowhere
and
not like did they reach out to you and
you didn't respond
yeah it was uh they just said
you know happy new years hope you're
doing well
and that was like january 1st
yeah january 1st like 2020 so
like a year and five months ago okay
that turned out to be far more mundane
than i was expecting
that makes perfect sense man if it's
just it's been too long to respond like
that carries its own
that has nothing to do with toast and
jeremy and all that stuff that's just
like
you know you haven't responded to
someone for like 18 months so it's sort
of like
yeah like i i
i'd be happy to like see them again
but it's just it seems so foreign that
part of my life
like people i knew before i became a
content creator
what's your sense of why you've only had
one real romantic relationship
well i like to think
my best traits aren't
visible right away
also i'm really bad at talking to people
i feel like uh dating people
is a little bit of a numbers game like
the more people you meet
you're very good at talking to people
what are you talking about bro
but that's because you know me from when
i'm a content creator right
so there is a difference
uh well for the first
26 12 25 25 years of my life like i
wasn't a content creator
uh i just went to school and worked like
a computer programming job
and that's not very interesting in my
opinion
there was that's not a lot of girls in
my life
that i can even talk to not that i will
talk to them because i
have no game um but
one of the nice things about being
content creator is just
like people how i know i am
and like hold on sorry i gotta interrupt
how on earth do you not have game
uh well i i would never just talk to a
girl
you know like i used to
think not like an incel but
more like um i had this idea that
the more you have in common with the
girl
the higher chances of her liking you is
so like
i once found out that a girl i was into
like
tv show at the office and i'm like okay
so if i watch the office
and i have something to talk about with
her that's gonna up my odds um
it was this idea that affection equals
attraction
when they're very two two very separate
thing
um so
like my understanding of what is
attractive to a girl was
really off so are you telling me that
the reason that you're
not in a relationship right now is
because you don't know how
you have no game uh
that's the reason why i didn't have like
a relationship for the first 25 years
since becoming a content creator and a
mega chat
i have learned that uh
it's hard like
when it comes to what relationships
isn't it just
you're either gonna end up with them for
the rest of your life
or it's just a temporary thing
and you shouldn't get too attached
that's a question i'm curious why you
know is that
is that why you're not in a relationship
because
[Music]
yeah i i don't think i'm ready
to like go into a relationship
and then with the mindset that this like
i'm gonna make this work
and this is the expectation that we're
gonna be together
for the rest of our life because i feel
like that should
be like the mindset you have not
necessarily like this has to work out
but more like you should get into a
relationship
with the expectation that you know it's
gonna work out and you guys are gonna
get married
but so you're not you have game now
right i have
fame now and i have
like it's easier for me to believe that
toast you're you're doing something
slippery you're being slippery
so when i ask you what like because
here's the thing every now and then
you give me a really good answer
and it's one that makes a lot of sense
and one that i can't push back at at all
like if you're like oh like
i'm not ready for a relationship like
you know because like the relationships
are about commitment and like i'm just
not ready to commit and it's like bro
like you know if you're not ready for a
relationship makes perfect sense like
if that's really the reason like
absolutely makes perfect sense while
you're
not in a relationship but when i push
and i say is the reason you're not in a
relationship
right now because you're like not ready
for a commitment and you can say like
but then we get to this fame and game
stuff and like that's where like
someone doesn't smell right
it's like i think what we're hearing is
like the answer from
the mask right which is like it makes
perfect sense and i'm not saying it's
wrong but i think there's something else
like underneath
which is like what you have now is fame
so like who are they dating
[Music]
and so if at some point toast becomes
i'm just gonna keep going
okay so if at some point toast becomes
jeremy
what do they do
they leave the nest and never come back
mm-hmm right because then it it that at
that point it's like you know brad pitt
becomes your buddy brad
beautifully put and so like what i'm
when i and this this could be like
i may not be right here toast i'm really
not sure because like
i'm just gonna keep going though
because i i don't even know how much of
this is gonna resonate but like what i'm
kind of feeling from you is like
somewhere
in there there's like some general
reluctance
for you to let people because we've
heard this like we've heard like
snippets of it and maybe i'm
putting together a puzzle piece that's
not like you know a puzzle that's not
really there but it's like
like i think at some point you've got to
let people
get to know jeremy right you've got to
stop being the entertainer you've got to
like start because you have game
bro like you at like forget about the
fame you like a hundred percent have
game like you know you do
actually maybe you don't know but you've
got game like i
you know how to talk to people i'm a
[ __ ] sake dude you know how to talk to
people
maybe i'm wrong like maybe you don't
feel that way but like i think that
there's no way that the entertainer
skills don't translate like it's not
because you're right that like jeremy
and toast have become like blended like
you know how to like
you know how to bring the best out of
people's potential like you know
what also look at yourself in the mirror
sometime like you've got game bro
uh
one thing i will say it feels like it's
a little easier
in the scene because most gamers are
not that socially aware and
it's just because i've been a streamer
for so long that it
came eventually like being able to talk
to people
yeah um but now i feel a little more
comfortable but it's also it makes me
feel a lot better going to conversations
that people know who i am um
because it makes me more comfortable
uh not that i didn't know i'm a big deal
but more like
um they would
find me interesting to talk to
right so so this this is i i think maybe
hard
toast but like why do you think they
wouldn't find you interesting to talk to
anyway
they don't really stand out like
if you take away you know
the fact that i am a streamer like what
you
what you end up with is what you can
find anywhere right
like uh some form of higher education
uh into like slightly sarcastic
personality
a little above average iq but
not very productive goes on reddit a lot
um
and not a lot of experience with women i
feel like uh
stuff like that like people like that
are
so common sounds perfect
i'm serious because like sure those are
some of your attributes but that's not
actually who you are
you're engaging intelligent funny
kind yeah but people
don't see that right how can they
when you don't let them
having people don't have a reason to
even try to find out
right why put in effort like i don't put
an effort with someone who
might be like hiddenly entertaining or
like talented like i only put an effort
once i see bits and pieces of it
right so
why not just go get to know someone who
is interesting versus like who might be
interesting
a fair point right so but i i think that
this is where
i imagine we're gonna land i hope we
land somewhere in the middle because
you're right that like if someone is
an introvert who doesn't talk to anyone
like i don't know why i would go and try
to get to know them really well for the
option of like
you know becoming you know falling in
love and spending the rest of our lives
together
on the flip side at the other end of the
spectrum is toast that everyone knows
everything about
and all the work has been done and they
feel like they know who you are and then
you're kind of trapped in the middle
because
if you lean too heavily on toast
eventually they're gonna get to know
jeremy
and then brad pitt becomes your buddy
brad beautiful by the way
right and then at the other end of the
spectrum is like the ninth grader who
who no one will speak to who and i know
this is where
now like things get real a little bit
tricky because
was that person worth knowing
um no i don't think so
i think
i think in this world society
oh i think just in this at least in this
scene the streaming scene is like
sink or swim kind of deal like if we
constantly think about like
what someone could be um
it's really hard because you can you can
help so much people right there are so
much
small streamers who are struggling out
there who
you know are just looking for that
chance but
my my like way of thinking when it comes
to stuff like this is like
bro it's up to you to make yourself
interesting and
like it's up to you to entice people to
want to get to know you better right
like you might be interesting underneath
all that and
you know have a lot of potential in you
but people
shouldn't have to
go like finding out right
yeah so that's kind of it's in i think
it makes a lot of sense but like i also
think it's weird to hear you say that
because there are a lot of people out
there with a lot of potential whereas
like what are you good at toast
[Music]
you're good at bringing people's
potential out
yeah i would say so which sounds to me
like a little
like now i get confused because i'm with
you like so i think ever
in a sense everything you're saying
makes sense that if you want to make it
as a streamer
and if you want to like i think this is
true like if you want to find a good
partner
you gotta advertise like they're not
gonna come
you know like dig underneath layers and
layers of stuff but i
i think that there's like you're kind of
like i'm feeling you i'm feeling that
this conversation keeps bouncing between
two extremes
which is one is like you know there's a
part of you that's toast and you should
abso
absolutely advertise your good qualities
and like that's a piece of it
but i think there's this other weird
thing where like underneath toast and
the reason you like being toast is
because
you know i'm just gonna put it out there
this is a no-brainer like fundamentally
somewhere down there i think you feel a
little bit unlovable
right like you feel like there's like a
like a touch of the ugliness in there
and like we hear it manifest in weird
ways like i have fame but i don't have
game bro you have tons of game
like i hate to break it to you because i
i think you can't it's not just your
fame it's like
it's the things that made you famous
which you have
right it's it's that part that it's your
ability to make other people laugh it's
your ability to like notice things in
the world around you and be a little bit
sarcastic
like your persona is a part of who you
are
but i think like underneath like there's
still the ninth grader
and so when it goes back to high school
it's like you become successful you
become someone that everyone wants to be
friends with
apparently you become someone that we dm
once a month asking you to come on
stream because you're hot [ __ ]
and so i think you end up like testing
people to see like what if i'm not toast
like what if i
don't act what if i don't entertain like
what will you think about me then
and it's been you've been doing it for
so long that like the two have gotten
tangled up and all you are is toast
but i think that there's you know when
you talk about the wall like i think the
reason the wall is there is because
you're afraid of what's on the other
side
which is someone that's not worth
knowing and then we get stuck
because that will always be true
until you let the wall down you let
someone see what's on the other side and
they're like
yeah that guy's cool
and the reason i keep on hammering on a
romantic relationship is because i think
that
you're not gonna it's gonna be hard to
succeed in a romantic relationship until
you do that
because i don't know that you can be an
entertainer like 24 7 for
your likes like significant other
oh the solution is to just be
entertaining all the time from the
sounds of it
like i i guess that's the way i think
like i understand
why it's it's not the solution bro it's
the problem
because do you see what you're doing to
yourself
elevating myself by constantly pushing
myself forward
so yeah i mean you're you're you're
trapping yourself by going to higher and
higher elevations
it's like you're like a cat that climbs
up the tree and doesn't know how to get
down like the solution is not for you to
be entertaining
100 of the time
it's the opposite
how does that sound to you
i would rather just
figure out a way to be even more
entertaining honestly
um
toast yeah go keep going sorry
it's just like you know i started off as
a
someone who just posts infographics on
reddit right and then i became a
hearthstone youtuber
and then a hearthstone streamer and then
a tft stream ready to
move to california and like became like
not just a hearthstone gamer but like a
content creator that
collabs with other content creators and
then
you know offline tv and among us blowing
up and now
like being friends with like even
like people who i i look up to or like
content i used to watch right it's just
like this career it's just a constant
sense of like you know let's let's keep
going let's keep going like i wanna
work in hollywood i wanna write a script
i wanna like meet taylor swift kind of
do i wanna be friends with taylor some
kind of deal
but there's a sense of just
constantly elevating yourself right
and because we see streamers become
irrelevant very often
um they might have 10 000 viewers one
day and like
next year the game dies or
you know they take a break and become
irrelevant
and
yeah it's just constantly
pushing yourself to raise yourself up
that sounds exhausting
yeah but you know in terms of job
like it's a it's a pretty good gig you
know
what are you hearing me say
you said it sounded exhausting yeah but
in general like
do you get the sense i feel like i'm
trying to present something to you and i
i don't think we're on the same page
what do you think what what are you
hearing me
when when i try to understand you what
are you
hearing like what's your impression of
what i think
is going on with you
uh impression is that
i revolve a lot of my identity
and self-worth and being like
an entertainer and like you said it's
exhausting or it's like
people
like constantly having to like
push and
like being entertained 24 7.
like you it's definitely meant to be
taken as not a great thing right
as a tiring thing to do over and over
again
uh but is is that it
um it just feels feels like uh like the
scene is
it's very doggy dog kind of deal
and that's kind of what i like about it
as well
so yeah i think that's that's a good
summary what what are you
what are you hearing i'm at what am i
advocating that you do
not revolve my self-worth around like
like i should do things i don't know
people
like should i learn to do things that's
not content should i pick
up a hobby for myself for my like
own mental health but what if my
own mental health is just like my hobby
is being an
entertainer right okay so i'm gonna ask
you one more question toast
you can dodge as many questions as you
want to please be
completely honest with this one no
dodging allowed okay
on a scale of one to ten of stupidity
ten being this is the stupidest
idea that's ever been conceived in the
world and one is this is
absolutely brilliant what do you think
about the plan that i'm advocating for
you
is it just the dumbest [ __ ] [ __ ]
you've ever heard of
or is it absolutely brilliant uh-huh
no what's this plan specifically
to try to be less of an entertainer to
try to show
which one which number was the dumb one
10 is a dumb one
then it's 10. okay
good uh like yeah i mean my
my career is based on
being entertaining i completely
yeah it'd be crazy to not
think about content all the time and i
like it's like i also enjoy
doing it it was something like oh god i
hate doing content or like i can't think
about that stuff right now
that makes sense but like the idea of
getting more people to like me
is really appealing to me like on social
media like what post
would people want um
i agree like great
why is it sometimes i try and force
thing sorry why do you
why do you want to be bigger
i believe
i was i am destined to have a big impact
on the world
it's like main character syndrome i have
that
like there's no way i've been put on
this earth
to just be a regular person
um i'm here to have an
impact like a big impact
and you know it might be on my desk bed
that i realized ah
turns out i was just slightly above
average but
like even now my expectation is that in
years i would have done
or 10 or 20 years that i would have done
something that
leaves a huge impact on the world and i
think
at this rate it might be something in
the entertainment scene
um maybe in 20 years that streaming
you know it's like you got you got music
and then you have movies
and tv and streaming is like right
alongside
of it and like
people will remember me as
i know a walt disney of streaming or
steven spielberg or streaming
um i it could end up being something
else like i don't know maybe i start
caring about
world hunger or something but
um that's why i want to get bigger
all the time it's like i'm fulfilling
my colon called destiny
beautiful love it
how do you feel about sharing that
uh you think you overstepped a little
bit showed a little bit of what's
underneath the mask
well i've talked about this a little bit
this also feeds into my whole ego
persona which is why i'm okay with it
and a lot of people say like everyone's
the main character
in their own story right but i have
met people who are just content with
life
in terms of like you know being an
accountant
starting a family and that's what the
majority of people
end up doing um
but i feel like there's that subset of
people who i'm gonna be
a famous hollywood star and then move to
california things don't work out
i i just have this expectation that
things will always work out
for me because it's
meant to work out for me right
so toast i actually owe you an apology
why because i think i was trying to lead
you somewhere
and i think that was a mistake
so i i'm still pretty confident that i'm
right about most of what i said i just
don't think it's like
i don't think it matters right now oh
well what did you
learn from uh what i said just
now so you want to make an impact right
yeah like what is the nature of the
impact that you're looking for
to leave a legacy to be remembered
to be noticed
right and what i see that is is like
you're never gonna be the ninth grader
who doesn't talk to anyone
ever again and you're gonna rise so high
that no one will ever be able to leave
you behind
where you are the ceiling you determine
the ceiling you are the measure against
which other people
aim to be
you know like that's when you'll be
secure
like when you're absolutely on top is
when you don't have to worry about
being left behind like
and so i i see what drives you i think
it's great that it drives you i think
it's actually very
adaptive i think it's going to cause you
a lot of suffering
years from now but i think that maybe
that's what we need to have another
conversation
if if if so this is what i'll leave with
you leave you with okay
i think it's great that you're driven to
be the best
to be this wonderful thing and i think
it's like my head is so far up my ass in
terms of
thinking that you should it's really a
mistake on my part like i was
applying my own value system to you how
old are you now toast
if you don't uh 29. okay so i'm like
a decade older than you are i'm married
i have kids and all that kind of stuff
so like my
position is is different from yours
um for what it's worth i felt the same
way that you did many many years ago
um so i i'd say that really like my
my the mistake that i made is i was
trying to have a conversation with you
that was like
potentially a decade too early maybe
it'll never be there maybe actually
you'll
you know you'll end up in a completely
different place and the conversation
will never be appropriate
but i'm still hearing i think the
mistake that i made is that i i get the
sense that
i mean i think i'm i'm pretty confident
that your drive to succeed
comes from a sense of inadequacy
what do you think about that
uh i can agree with that um
i find myself when it comes to like
relationships and dating
i tend to gravitate towards girls
that are
having problems with their lives or like
needs to be
fixed in some way or just like yep
that i can be of use besides just like
being smart or being funny or being
carried but like actual
direct use like you can demonstrate your
value in the relationship you can bring
yes right demonstrating value is very
important
right and like why does someone need to
demonstrate
value toast that
i mean that's just how humans work right
like if you're gonna date someone you
gotta demonstrate
value so that nope they are worth it to
you
that's not how humans work so that that
that is how humor is what like in a
relationship like
i mean value can be so many different
things right if they make you laugh
you know that's value if they're
physically
fit you know and you're attracted that
that's value so there's a key
there's a key word there which is
demonstrate
demonstrate is about showing
so i think the crazy thing here and this
is where like i'm going to bark up this
tree as long as i want to is never going
to get anywhere
which is like you bring value to the
relationship without fixing someone's
problems
like that's the fundamental disagreement
that you and i have
what do you think about that
right because like like this is this is
how this works it's like why do you
gravitate because
you're like halfway there it's just like
why do you gravitate towards people
who you can fix it's because so you can
like demonstrate your value white is
demonstrating your value like why is
that important to you because
it solves an anxiety that you're not
bringing value
because if you can show them and you can
show yourself
hey look what i bring to this
relationship
then it's like everything's fine does
that make sense
it's like very like psychologically
appeasing
to bring value to a relationship
there's proof there's evidence
what do you think about that
[Music]
i just don't think my
best traits are visible
by like just north day-to-day
being able to like be an entertainer and
like
of actual use like solving people's
problems
it's more believable for me when someone
is attracted to that exactly
well said right but but now now there's
an important word there and i i'm
maybe i should just stop at this point
like let me know like does this do you
think we're making it
like is this worth our time or am i just
are we just ships passing in the night
and like this is an unproductive
conversation what are you thinking i
need an honest answer from you bro
i think we're on the same page in terms
of like
like why my way of thinking isn't that
it's a little
like i should believe in myself that you
know me as a person
is enough and like people would want to
get into relationships with me with just
being myself
but
just makes me feel better man like if uh
if it just makes me feel a little more
confident a little
less insecure because i i know
that the bad thing about the way i think
when it comes to like fixing people
is eventually i'm gonna run out things
to fix right
like let's say i found this girl and i
fixed her up
and she's an amazing woman but one day
she's i if i'm doing my job correctly
she's gonna be fixed and there's nothing
gonna like there's no problem for me to
solve and that's when i start then
what no what is she gonna do when you
fix her
well
maybe peace out or you know
leave the nest because
she doesn't need you anymore because
the foundation of your relationship
was you being of value to her and if the
only thing that you bring to her is
value
and you're done with that then she
doesn't need you anymore
oh maybe in the time we were together
she
liked what she saw and would stay
yeah so i just gotta rope him in first
with uh
got him helpful gotta have the right
lure on the hook
yeah and then you know
then i can demonstrate like
jeremy in a way
what do you think about that
seems perfect and perfectly fine
what's the i mean the downside is oh she
leaves
and i don't think i'm that
bullish or naive to help someone
who is only interested in like
their their own selves or like selfish
nature i think
i'm really good at finding people that
are good people and i think so i'm
helping them
that they already passed a lot of like
my internal check mark i think so too
but i i do think it's important toast to
like
recognize that at some point you're
gonna have to make that transition
and to recognize that that transition
where you show her who jeremy is and
maybe she'll stick around
she doesn't need you anymore
like that's going to be terrifying for
you
or is it not am i wrong there
you seem skeptical i'm confident which
means that i think we just
we're on the same page there maybe we've
split
um maybe i used too strong of a word
maybe no more or reluctant
uh i think if i was like that was a girl
he would be the kind of girl to not just
leave
after she's fixed up
but this is the problem man how do you
know whether she's that kind of girl or
not
ah
i mean this is all on top of my
we i know we didn't really talk about
this file so don't like being committed
in a relationship right now either so
i don't think it's just me not finding
the right girl
as well i think it's just
i feel like when i'm dating someone it's
essentially
committing the rest of my life with them
that does sound to me to be a little bit
different but but
i mean if if you want me to toast
because you know this is i'm a
psychiatrist i don't know if you do this
but if you knew this but
as psychiatrists sometimes we can always
find a way to prove ourselves right
it's one of the flaws of our profession
and it's one that i'm afraid i could be
falling into which is why i need your
you know i need you to tell me but i can
twist that
into exactly what we're talking about
now too if you want me to
i'm gonna give it a quick shot uh
no i i just think
the problem isn't the the girl
here i agree
what do you think the problem is the
bigger problem is just i
like it's either life or like death
do us a part or it's just one-time fling
right yep so so why why are you afraid
to go down the death to us part route
i don't know and this is a long time
since
it's a long time
i i breakups are hard
breakups are really hard
and i don't like the idea of going
through a breakup
like it's normal for relationships to
not work out
but man i i feel really bad having to
break up with someone
to a point where i just rather not
be what's so hard about breakups
i mean you care about this person a lot
right
but you also can't
like you you're gonna if you guys are
breaking up you reach the point where
it's better for you guys to not be with
each other
and like all that time you shared with
like to just become
essentially strangers after like
so long
that's that's uh i hate hurting people's
feelings
and it's easier to just not be in a
relationship
this way one's feelings get hurt right
yeah sounds very logical yeah
why why does anyone ever engage in a
relationship then
makes them happy
would a relationship make you happy
ah
i think until i'm okay
with the idea of like breakup being a
possibility
i don't think a relationship will make
me happy because
it's always going to be in the back of
my head like
i'll toast hope you're in for the long
haul because you're going to be with
this person until
you die or i hope you're ready to break
someone's heart
and make them cry and like
being in a relationship with that in the
back of your mind the whole time
gives me a lot of anxiety and like
makes me feel like a fraud when i'm with
the person like
oh god she doesn't know that i'm gonna
have to break up with her eventually
yeah makes sense
it sounds like you're trying to protect
people
yeah is that weird to say
no no
i think because of my like whole
i gotta climb i gotta climb i'm afraid
that i'm applying that to my romantic
life as well
it's like oh this girl is like
this this this and this but what if
another girl comes along that's like
even upgrade better in every single way
and i used to feel like that more
strongly but these days
i realize um you know everyone is very
different in their own way
and honestly like time spent with
someone is worth something right
like the memories you've built the
hardship in dior
i used to have this attitude that
there exists perfect relationships out
there
but like realistically
for every human being in the world
there's like
thousands of people that they can end up
marrying and like
living the rest of their lives out with
right
there's no one right person and it's
crazy to think about
in my opinion that we have this one life
and let's say there's multiple timelines
like in this timeline
i married woman a and i'm happy
and i die of old age with her and
there's another timeline
like and i met woman b first and i can
marry her as well
and i dialed with her like like marriage
even though it's meant to seem like such
an important
final choice
it there's no right answer it could be
not any woman but there is like
multiple possibilities
and that's scary because it's easy when
there's a right choice
but one is like oh yeah you can end up
with her girl died together
i came out with her and grow old and die
together
there's no right answer and
that is a little scary to me
because i kind of grew up with the whole
like
fairytale romantic outcome but i'm
learning that you know there are some
people in life you're going to be more
compatible with
and there are multiple partners that
are suited for you to spend the rest of
your life with
makes a lot of sense man yeah
i can imagine how that can be kind of
like
bewildering right because if there isn't
a right answer
then how do you know who to pick
can i think for a second yeah sure
how you feeling right now uh
good okay good i feel like we talked
about relationships a lot
uh which does make me just a tiny bit
uncomfortable
more because i know every like my
[ __ ]
friends and family are watching
and they would
you know people love talking and
gossiping and
uh
i know i feel like relationships to one
thing
i try to keep quiet about
not for me but for the
people it might affect sure
i i think you've mentioned several times
i think it's it's you made clear to me
that from a value standpoint
you are you're very protective of the
people that you care about
and that you're actually okay like you
know being attacked personally or like
being made fun of but when it comes to
the people that you care about
it's like the no no zone yeah
because everyone had different about i
can set my own boundaries but
yeah i would never want to serve for
someone else
so i know that the topic is
relationships what's your understanding
of why i keep on asking because i'm the
one who's driving the relationship
conversation right that's me in the
driver's seat
why do you think i'm driving there
ah
is it because i it's the one thing i
don't want to talk
sorry um like i'm hiding something there
like
there's something there yep that's
that's why good
that's exactly right so so can i explain
what i think is there
so i think like the the challenge is
going to be that you have too many right
answers if we talk about
anything else
does that make sense yes
so it's going to be too easy to pull me
into an intellectual conversation about
what's good to do and what's bad to do
so i think relationships is like where
like there's a lot of stuff
like you know here that i think that
you can't quite make as much of an
abstract argument about
so when i when i ask you about
relationships i don't know if you notice
but i'm not asking anything about anyone
that you've been in a relationship with
like i get that you have that boundary
i'm you know i'm asking about you
in the relationship how you approach
relationships how you think about
relationships what you're afraid of
and i think the reason is because with
the relationship
is like the thing that brings the
tension between jeremy
and toast kind of like front and center
for me like
out of everything we've talked about
because i think you can be like a noble
friend and you're
in your like platonic relationships
i can be i think you probably are a
wonderful sibling and a wonderful son
um i i think that you do right by a lot
of people because you care about a lot
of people
i think relationships is the one thing
where like
things are gonna start to feel a little
bit more contradictory it's also
challenging because as a streamer
friendship is so complicated already
right because there's like are we
friends because we like each other
or are we friends because we collab and
we make good content together like why
is this person hanging out with me
it all gets tangled together right
because this is a professional
relationship is it a
platonic relationship like it's all
tangled
but what i'm hearing from you toast is
is oddly enough even though you disagree
with me i'm i'm kind of
finding that no actually you don't just
i think we're as you mentioned i think
we're actually kind of on the same page
i think you've got to continue to climb
but the the concern that i have is at
some point i think if you want to be
in a healthy romantic relationship
and yeah i mean you know these things
dude like you're the one who's giving me
the ammo because you're like i try to
date people who are busted in some way
so that i can try to fix them and then
like
i know it sounds kind of weird but i
think everyone can actually identify
with that and why do you try to fix them
it's because it makes you feel good
right like they know what you're
bringing to the table so that you don't
have to worry about being
and sorry if this is out of line but you
don't have to worry about being 9th
grade jeremy
because you can you feel more
comfortable with like them knowing toast
because then you don't have to be 9th
grade jeremy
and you want to rise to the top of your
field because if you're at the top of
your field you certainly ate 9th grade
jeremy
so i hear i see a theme which i don't
know if it's right or wrong it's really
for you to think about you got to tell
me like
that's right or that's wrong
because i think you do bring a lot of
value to people i think you're a very
good entertainer
and i'm a little bit afraid that it's
going to be hard for you to show
someone if someone knows your fame
it's going to be hard for them to like
you even told us right like you're
you're kind of like
brad pitt and your buddy brad
and making that transition is going to
be hard and there are all these
different things that like
the theme that i see here is that you're
trying to move away from 9th grade
jeremy in as many ways as possible
either you date someone who you can fix
or you demonstrate your value
because the idea that you have intrinsic
value is like kind of confusing
and i know that intellectually you
understand that concept
but let's be clear having intrinsic
value does not make you a successful
streamer
having extra intrinsic value makes you a
successful streamer
and so you have a world that reinforces
this principle which is
absolutely true and at the end of the
day
life is good enough so what are we even
talking about here which i get
completely because i i here i am pushing
you to change something that you don't
think is not only broke
it's not broken it's amazing it's the
reason for your success and here's
[ __ ]
this guy telling you to like be
different like show people what's
underneath the mask like
show people that that you can be 9th
grade jeremy you're like how [ __ ]
dumb is that
the whole reason that i am where i am is
because i moved away from ninth grade
jeremy and i became someone else
i learned how to be entertaining i
learned how to be useful to the people
around me
instead of someone who sits alone in the
cafeteria and doesn't talk to a soul i
don't want to be that person
and you're right like your success is
because you aren't
ninth grade jeremy you're disguised
toast
right like your toast that's who you are
you bring value you protect people
you collaborate with people you bring
you you bring people to their full
potential
and you're going to make your mark on
the world you're going to start
streaming before the first tft streamer
starts
you're going to stop streaming after the
last tft streamer restarts
no way to get left behind if you're at
the front of the pack
uh i like having power
and authority because i trust myself
to use it responsibly
when it's other people at the helm
like if certain people have like power
or like authority over others
i feel like it's not always used
fairly like this
injustice and what other people
do and
i trust myself the most that given a
leadership role
or like a power dynamic that i would
always make the right choice for
everyone
um i have this
big sense of
righteousness or like justice
in my like in my world
like i hate like i hate it when people
are rude or bullies like
i get really triggered by it and that's
also one of the reason why i push myself
a lot because
people are selfish and they're prone to
doing stupid
selfish things that put themselves
it's like that marathon again right when
i'm
leading the pack it's easy for me to
look back
and like see where everyone elevate
other people bring them forward yeah
yeah but i've seen what it's like for
others to be like ahead of a pack
like you have the power but not use it
for others
and i don't like it when that happens so
i like that's why i
feel like i need to be constantly bigger
and also you know again i don't want
them leaving the nest as well
do you actually mean that or was that a
joke
uh i i do feel a little
i do feel negative feelings
like what is sadness or like resentment
when
someone just completely
up and leaves not like disappear
but more just like hey i'm gonna
associate with those guys now
you know like adios
adios kind of deal i'm gonna go play
with those guys because
uh that's my crew now you know i get
more viewers with them or i
get more attention with them but
i i know it's normal to want that but
it does feel like empty nest syndrome
where i just
you know at the very least i wish they
but come visit every now and then
instead of just making it feel like they
forgot about us
not just me specifically but like i mean
it does affect me but
like if they came back to the nest and
still like played with
like other friends or people they used
to play with like that's
fine but when they completely up and
just
only focus on their own thing and like
branch out i do feel
sad i feel sad i guess yeah
okay so yeah yeah
for what it's worth toast i i think it
makes sense that you trust yourself
you know i i i think you seem like a
good dude
i can understand why you trust yourself
i think it's kind of tricky though
because
the more that you the more you're forced
to trust yourself the harder it is to
trust other people
and what i'm kind of hearing even is as
you kind of talk about
empty nest syndrome is it's like it's
like sort of a
you know you talk about sadness i i'm
feeling
a lack of fairness a lack of reciprocity
a certain not just sadness like
if my dog passes away like that's sad
like there's a certain like not quite
maliciousness but like
maybe even obliviousness or lack of
compassion or consideration
that feels very unfair to me about what
you're describing
yes okay um
can i can i toss one last uh
um
can i test one last provocative thing
your way
so i could also imagine given what we
just talked about that you trust in
yourself and it's hard to trust other
people because
people have like you know taking
advantage of your kindness
and they've left you hanging fair
yeah yeah yeah i can imagine that it
would be hard
to want to be in a committed
relationship because like that's kind of
the situation where like if you're going
all in and someone leaves the nest then
because like that's when they're not
supposed to leave right like that's the
whole point of a committed relationship
it's like a promise
and and when i just kind of put myself
in your shoes for a second
like i kind of think about what would
hurt the most
is it's if i go all in and they say they
go all in
and then they don't go all in
and that like i don't think i would want
to open myself up to that
possibility of hurt
um
[Music]
i feel like in all the dating
i've done you know in the last four or
five years i've always
been the one with one foot out the door
and i don't know why like
what do you think
i think when you have one foot out the
door you minimize
the hurt like oh you can't get upset at
me because i said it wasn't serious
candy or like
i just feel
bad like i feel like i'm lying to a girl
when i start dating them
because i feel like the girls are always
going in with like
strong commitment with the expectations
that we're gonna get married
and when i enter like dating a
relationship
it's always very that's
probably not gonna work out
and i always feel like some anxiety
like oh i have this knowledge that it
won't work out but she doesn't know
so i'm misleading her
and i should just break up with her
right now
so i i feel like we could dig into this
more i'm sort of
i want to be a little bit cognizant of
time so let me ask you like wonder
because i it's too juicy
toast too much of an entertainer
you know why do you think you have one
foot out the door
right because i get what you're saying
that like
you know it's sort of unfair to them
because you have one foot out the door
when things start and you try to be
transparent with them
but damn it you're such a mega chad they
fall in love with you anyway
but why don't you let me put it this way
so let me try to reframe a little bit
like is it that you have one foot out
the door or you only put one foot in the
door
[Music]
maybe it's the second one i don't feel
like i've ever
went into a relationship
with really high hopes
and maybe i shouldn't have gotten into
those relationships in the first place
so what keeps you from having high hopes
i don't know i i keep
like like sometimes i wish i would come
across a girl
that makes me feel like bam
i am ready for marriage kind of deal
um i don't know if a girl
like that exists because i've
met a lot of you know amazing
you know girls or talented but
would you let yourself fall in love
ah
i don't think so i think
i think i need to be
okay with the relationship
not working out because if i'm not okay
with that if i enter a relationship
like that anxiety eats me up because i
have tried like
dating and being in a relationship with
someone and like
i just remember like one weekend like
that it's in the
back of my head just like oh god what if
we break out what if we break our
freak out and it made me like not want
to be
that made me check out from the
relationship like almost like
in the self-sabotaging way of just like
okay
let's just get it over with then and
um i feel like i would feel like that
no matter who it is and that i need to
somehow be okay with the idea that
it's normal in a relationship for people
to break up things don't always work out
sure but yeah i mean i think that would
be wonderful
we could wave a magic wand and have you
be okay with it
but i think the real question is why
aren't you okay with it to begin with
i don't want to hurt people's feelings
that's rude
um
like why do that to someone you care
about right
like even if i we don't end up together
like if i'm dating them it's because
i care about them a lot
but where do you get the idea that
things are going to end poorly right
because there's that thought in your
head that you're just going to end up
hurting her
this is kind of interesting because it's
sort of like this weird trap where like
the more you like her the more you care
about her
you have this thought that oh my god
we're going to break up i don't want to
hurt her and the more you pull back
well if we're not breaking up we're
spending the rest of our life together
right
that's pretty scary what's scary about
that
i don't know like things change so fast
like as a person
as well like
like last year this time i didn't i
wasn't even playing among us
and now i've played the wrongness and
it's
already ended and it was in the span of
what nine months
i i don't know what the future
will hold you know
like when when i think about divorces
honestly it's comforting
because at the end of the day people get
divorces all the time right
and i should be okay with breakup people
break up all the time people get
divorced
that's why there's divorce lawyers it's
so common
that there's a law specialization
dedicated to divorces
um
but
i think i would want to know that i am
going to marry this person before i
start dating them
which is almost impossible because you
kind of make that decision once you're
in a relationship with them
i think it's a very good insight
what would it mean if you knew ahead of
time that you were marrying someone
what would that do for your mind
i think it'd be a lot more comforting
and
wash away my anxiety
i wish yeah like what would it wash away
like the idea that i'll be hurting
someone
[Music]
like i'm okay
with the idea of spending the rest of my
life with someone like that part isn't
scary
the part that's scary is like it not
working out
and you have to have the conversation of
a divorce or a breakup
yeah so i i see that's where i think it
makes a lot of sense
toast i think i'm gonna once again
kind of like i think there's a tricky
thing right because when you've got one
foot out the door
part of the reason sometimes the reason
that people have one foot out the door
is so that they're not left in the room
when the other person leaves
and i'm i don't know if it's like bias
on my part but i'm hearing like this
theme of like uncertainty like among us
was everything nine months ago and like
i can't count on it
being there now
and and i i think it's tricky because
like there's something else that i'm
translating in my mind which is that you
care about other people and you don't
care about yourself
so like there it is again where it's
sort of like oh like you know my friends
come first other people come first i
don't want to hurt this person but like
what
what i think it's hard because what
about them hurting you
and i think this is why like you know i
asked you earlier would you let yourself
fall in love with someone and you said
no and that makes perfect sense to me
because as long as you're not in love
like they're not going to leave you
behind you're not going to leave the
nest one day
when you talk about a fear of commitment
i think it's i think it's weird
it's not that you're wrong here i think
it's just i'm sensing more than what
you're saying
which is that i think you genuinely are
like a really good person
and you try really hard to like protect
your friends
and care about people that you love but
i think like sometimes it's kind of hard
because
i don't think you let yourself feel the
same way about them that they do
that they feel about you because you are
a giga chad
and so they do fall in love and then
when you break up with them
because you've had one foot out the door
the whole time and they get confused
because they love you so much but they
can feel you pulling away
and then you feel bad because you can
see it happening and you can see
yourself
not being able to love them back and
then you like leave and then they feel
hurt
and then you're like oh my god it's
going to happen again because i can't
let myself love and you're damn right
it's going to happen again
until you let yourself fall in love bro
and that's going to be scary because if
you fall in love maybe you're going to
be in the room you're going to be
decorating you're going to be organizing
yourself
shelves and one day you're going to come
home and there's going to be no one
there
honestly i thought about this it's like
i
wish i sometimes secretly wish
i was in that position
after of being the one who's being hurt
i i think i would much rather
have a girl break up with me than me
breaking up with a girl because if the
girl broke up with me
and i'm sad about it that means
that means that you know
at least i cared a lot right
and it also means i didn't have to be
the one
you like be the one hurting someone else
yeah you're the one who's suffering
you're the one who's alone yeah because
are you are you good at being alone
toast
yeah i love being alone well not
not like love love but uh
there is some sense of comfort in being
alone
every night has there been a period of
your
life where you felt very alone but
even in a weird way sad but not sad
mmm like sadness feels normal
[Music]
um
i don't think so not like
sad sad but
more just irrelevant
yeah sounds like ninth grade jeremy
so i i know you're comfortable being
that like aside a relevant
you know is now i feel like i'm really
pushing you to accept what i'm saying so
that's a mistake but
i just love it if you think about it i
think like irrelevant is such a good
word
oh man it says so much right it's so so
much about your ambitions your legacy
the mark that you want to make on the
world
and i think this is where like i know
it's like i'm barking up the wrong tree
here but
i don't think you need to do anything
else to be relevant
toast and i know that's a good
perplexing to you so that's fine we can
just kind of agree to disagree there but
i think what you've accomplished in this
life is enough
i think you've had a very powerful
impact on a lot of individuals
and you'll say that too but you won't
accept it if i say it to you
uh
i feel like i haven't had the impact i
want
because the gaming scene is so small
like
it's true so it's it's growing but and
i i want to be at the forefront of
it um but
i am not satisfied with what i've done
yeah so i i i support you a hundred
percent in wanting to do more
if you feel like your work on this earth
is not complete yet and that you have
like something
more that you need to offer the world
then by all means go for it
like seriously i i support you 100
i sometimes worry that
that can come at the cost of yourself
and i know you're willing to pay that
price i know that helping other people
get brings you a lot of fulfillment so i
don't get the sense that you're like
sacrificing every day oh my god it's so
hard to be me
you know like you enjoy life like it's
good so i'm not saying it that way but
you know i think there's something to be
said of of
there's accomplishing something and
making the world a better place
is a wonderful thing and
that doesn't that's not the only thing
that makes you relevant
and that's where i think we diverge
which is fine
you know i'm okay with that
you okay with that um
yeah um i think it's just a streamer
mindset
like i know like everyone has
intrinsic self-worth but
i just happen to like
thrive in their industry that is
very
numbers based
and uh yeah so here's here's what i'd
kind of leave you with
um you know if you have additional
questions or anything let me know
i'd say that if at some point you decide
that you want to better understand
if you want to learn why you have one
foot in
the door and one foot out the door if
you want to work through some of those
anxieties that you have at the beginning
of the relationship i think that's
something that
can be done i i don't know exactly what
the follow-up is there i'm i'm not
saying you
i can do it for you i'm not saying that
you have to do it with me you can
definitely do with anyone you can do it
by yourself
you can do it with a friend but that's
the one thing that i can get behind you
in terms of like you not having
fulfilled your destiny yet and that
you're destined for something greater
i'm with you so be bigger do more
go outside of gaming i think it's like i
think you've got to do that i think it's
you're gifted and i don't know that
anyone else can
do what you're supposed to do
and at the same time if you're having
trouble in your romantic relationships
if you find yourself crossing 30 and
wondering maybe you do want to settle
down
and you find yourself like recognizing
that you're looking for short-term
things but that there's a part of you
that may want longer-term things
now you've got to be careful because
there's a part of your mind that is
going to tell you
that short-term things are better than
long-term things
and if i had to give you one piece of
advice toast it would be
be careful about what's better for you
and what you want
and be careful about your mind
convincing you
that's that what is better for you is
what you want
because those are actually two different
things
and as long as you believe as long as
you do what's better for you
i don't think i think it's going to be
really hard for you to fall in love
because love isn't better for you it's
[ __ ] dumb
it's foolish and it's dangerous and it's
risky and it can hurt you
and it can hurt them
but you know sometimes you got to make
that deck that's all legendaries because
it's not about making the best deck like
[ __ ] the meta
that's about the memes
maybe maybe one day if i feel like
with like mental health and stuff
just like coming on the show
like these conversation helped nudge me
in the right direction
but at the end of the day the subject
needs to you know they gotta
want to like fix something about
themselves so like
change their way of thinking right yep
so i apologized once for pushing you
because i felt like i was leading
instead of following i'm happy to do it
again i think you're right
i don't think you want to what i'm
saying is that if one day you change
your mind
you know and you're looking for some
kind of support
shoot me a dm just gotta send me a
message i'm ready to love dr k
uh yeah give it a give it a couple more
years
like i said once you cross 30 let me
know if you change your mind
because i don't think there's anything
wrong with what you're doing now for the
record
i think it's just if you decide that you
want to do things differently that can
have another conversation about it
and i apologize for imposing my own
value system it it took me a little
while to figure out where you were
where you are and that maybe where i
want you to be is like that's where i
want you to be but it's not where you
are and it's not where you want to be
which is like my mistake so i'm sorry
for that
no no worries yeah i think uh
i'm very stubborn like i am
very confident in the way i think
sometimes to a fault like to a point of
stubbornness
and uh
yeah oh probably it usually takes me
like
a while to slowly like
think about it from other angles
um but like conversation like this is
really helpful because it makes me think
you know let's maybe think about it from
another angle
just even as a thought experimentation
so yeah
think about love and relationships
a little more yeah one last thing is
think about do you have one foot out the
door or do you only ever put one foot in
i think you're right i do just put one
foot in
yeah so it it
all right so why won't you put put both
feet in
uh just think about it
too risky not to me but to the other
person
yeah i mean this anyway maybe we can
because then i i just
like i i want to wrap this up but it's
just
too juicy yeah you know you're baiting
me into playing a twisting nether before
you like
do something else it's like that's what
i feel like it's like
i'm gonna spend all my entire turn eight
mana to just wipe your board and it's
like
so juicy
this was a good talk yeah man
thank you very much um i you know i i
hope that this ends up okay for you you
know if you have any kind of negative
fallout or anything like that please let
us know
um so far knock on wood hasn't happened
yet but
you know sometimes people reveal things
people will troll them things like that
we'd love to help you clean up a mess
that we created
um and i'm sorry that i didn't quite
listen to you as well as i i could have
i don't know i i felt like you did fine
like
i think um part of like it's because
it's hard to
just like talk to a person and have like
to try and figure out certain things off
what you see online
so um i mean it didn't feel like you
said anything that
warrants any kind of uh second guesses
or apologies
i felt really comfortable okay
[Music]
yeah it was uh good times i like
i like talking about
dreamer life no so
i mean it doesn't have to be like a dr k
session
like if you ever want to just
have me come on and talk about like the
mindset of a streamer
or whatever so i'm always very open to
it
sure sure i'm hearing it you i'm hearing
you say you're open to it
but i'm confused about whether there's
an invitation there
or not uh i mean
i'm really lazy so
[Music]
i don't normally reach out but like if
you have
because i don't know what other like
segments you do
but if you ever do a segment that needs
a streaming expert or uh
anything that you think i would be a
good fit for
then yes i would be happy to come on and
give my two cents if you even want that
not that i'm inviting myself to
spread my ingeniosity around
i feel like this is another one foot in
the door one foot out the door kind of
thing
i just don't know what else you have
going on no so but but here's
here's i i i'm honestly toast i'm just
confused
so like do you think that we there's an
important conversation that needs to be
because i'm i'm i'm getting signals from
you but the words don't seem to be
matching up
so are what i'm hearing from you is that
there are a lot of important things
about being a streamer which need to be
talked about
is that correct yeah yes like
streamer problems like when some
streamers complain about oh yeah
i read a bad comment in chat and make me
really sad
i see them get like blackboard because
it's like bro you're making money
playing video games why are you
focusing on one negative comment when
there's so much positive comments
and like it just conditioned these
streamers to oh god better not complain
about anything then
um i like uh talking about those
stuff okay because my friends go through
it
and okay sure yeah okay i i
i understand now thank you for thank you
very much for explaining that
and and i i'm also hearing you also
there's another message that i'm hearing
in that
is that this isn't going to be a
conversation between dr k and jeremy
this is going to be a conversation
between
two streamers about mental health
related stuff
yeah yeah right it's a it's like
commentary about the industry as opposed
to a personal conversation
yeah uh 100 i feel like okay i got most
of the things i want to talk about
out with this session yep i'm hearing
the same thing
thank you so much for clarifying yeah
i'm totally down like i don't know what
that looks like or how that
looks but i'm totally interested in
talking
about the scene and the industry as well
um because i find it fascinating
so yeah cool yeah well thanks for coming
on toast
um you know we'll i get that you're lazy
and then you know we may we may reach
out to you and then i don't know
how often we should reach out to you and
then i don't know how much time has
passed before you feel bad
reaching back out to us but you can you
know if we send you a message next week
and you don't do anything about it for
six months
feel free to message us after six months
no big deal
and uh if we're hammer messaging you
just like let us know and we'll back off
so thanks a lot dude and good luck
um good luck with your collabs it sounds
like you're helping a lot of people grow
and stuff like that so more power to you
i know i've personally heard a lot of
awesome things about
um you being in other people's lives and
that a lot of people really appreciate
you for who you are
so thank you for doing that
happy to the yeah thank you thank you
for having me on
um i appreciate your time and what you
do
for not just me but a lot of my friends
and i mean this maybe just ties back
to like the way i think but like
the biggest thing you did for me was
wasn't this is what you did for like
yvonne
and lily and scara and pokey and michael
and you know that's really important
because they are not
as
um good at expressing their emotions
and uh i thought your platform was
very very important to them so okay
yeah i appreciate that yeah it was it
was my pleasure i i love talking to each
and every one of those people
because you all have a really amazing
crew at otv
really solid folks so thank you take
care toast
all right good talk bye bye everyone
very well
all right toe stars
yeah so that was uh